format, language and structure about Hosted Che (#1)
ibuziuk/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/overview/proc_linking_github_account_in_hosted_che.adoc

> [id="linking-github-account_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="linking-a-github-account-in-hosted-che_{context}"]
```
(Keep the IDs exactly the same as headings -- it helps with parsing, grepping, orientation, ... Use a macro to automatically generate IDs. For example, https://github.com/redhat-documentation/modular-docs/issues/94#issuecomment-491495657)

This applies to all your IDs.

= Linking a GitHub Account in Hosted Che

> 

Reviewer: We're missing a sentence that would set the context for this module. What will be accomplished by following the instructions?

Author: reorganized.

[id="importing-from-github_{context}"]

> == Importing projects from GitHub

Reviewer: The user is thinking: _"I thought we were going to link a GH account. What's this about importing projects? What's a project? How is it connected to GH account linking?"_

Author: ok reorganized.

> To import projects from GitHub during workspace creation, link the user's GitHub account on the user dashboard.

Reviewer: Now the user understands. So, the point of the whole exercise is to be able to import projects. OK, so, we should have made that the title of the procedure/module, and linking an account would become either a prereq., or the first step in the procedure.

Author: ok reorganized.

image::hosted-che/gh-account-linking.png[]

[id="contributing-to-github_{context}"]
== Contributing to projects in GitHub

> To push the source code to GitHub from IDE these steps are required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To push the source code to GitHub from the IDE:
```

> . Generate a SSH keypair with the link:https://github.com/eclipse/che-theia/tree/master/plugins/ssh-plugin[SSH Plug-in].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Generate an SSH key pair with the link:https://github.com/eclipse/che-theia/tree/master/plugins/ssh-plugin[SSH Plug-in].
```

> . Upload the public key to the GitHub account: menu:Settings[SSH and GPG keys>New SSH key]

Reviewer: Build and preview your docs first. It would show you that our current theme renders the Asciidoctor `menu` macro incorrectly, and thus it cannot be used.

Author: I saw that, found it weird, but thought it was on purpose.

Author: This one  is fixed.
